Add CONTRIBUTING.md around how to pull-request (#560)
spinframework/runtime-class-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

```console
tilt up --stream
```

## Pull Request
### Commit
All commits in a PR should be GPG-signed and signed-off.

> A typical command for a commit with GPG sign and sign-off is like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical command for a commit with a GPG signature and developer sign-off is:
```
